Tue 01 Nov 2016 05:07:05 PM EDT

We want to know how we can terminate our models at "the right" point for this
project. Follow Catelan & Smith, Ch4's description of low stellar mass
evolution.

Quoting them:
"After the MS has completed, we hit the turn-off point. This is related to the
exhaustion of hydrogen in star's center. From here onwards, hydrogen burning is
no longer a central process, becoming instead a shell-burning process.
Initially, hydrogen burns in a thick shell, whereas the He-rich core, which is
now becoming isothermal, grows in size as a consequence of the He being
produced at its outer boarder. Note the maximum mass that the isothermal core
can be at while still supporting the layers above it is the
Schonberg-Cahndrasekhar mass, about 10% of the total mass of the star. Once its
mass increases beyond this point, the core collapses on a thermal timescale,
heating up and releasing energy. The rise in core temperatures then leads to a
rise in temperature at the base of the thickening H-burning shell, and
accordingly H-burning by the CNO cycle becomes more important (it in fact was
already dominant in the center before the turn-off point was reached). Because
the CNO cycle has a high T dependence, the H-burning shell becomes thinner and
thinner. However, not all the energy released by the H-burning shell reaches
the surface: part of it is used to expand to star's envelope. As a consequence
of the expansion, the star begins to cool, and the evolution to the right on
the HR diagram is the _subgiant phase_.
The corresponding cooling of the outer layers leads to the formation of
convective envelope, and the star enventually reaches the base of the RGB.
Furthe rcontraction of the core leads to the establishment of electron
degeneracy there. Then, when the star reaches the base of the RGB< its
structure is characterized by a growing but inert, partially degenerate
He-core, surrounded by a H-burning shell that is becoming thinner, and an outer
convectiv envelope that is becoming thicker."

By the time of the ensuant "firt dredge-up" phase, when the convective envelop
reaches it smaximum inward penetration (and thus is dredging up material that
has been partially processing nuclearly, including small amounts of He), the
star is at (logL,logTeff)=(1, 3.7). This is big enough.



  log_center_density_limit 
  he_core_mass_limit 
  log_L_upper_limit (note docs say "in order to skip pre-ms, this limit only
    applies when L_nuc > 0.01*L")
  log_g_lower_limit ! stop when log10(gravity at surface) is less than this
    limit.
  power_he_burn_upper_limit ! stop when total power from reactions burning
    helium (in Lsun units) is > this.

Try:
  he_core_mass_limit = 0.1
also add:
  max_model_number = 2000
